---
title: Switching to a new account
date: 2023-11-07T00:59:47.904Z
slug: switching-to-a-new-account
---
I find myself at a significant crossroads in my journey as a brand, and it is with a mixture of emotions and thoughtful consideration that I have decided to make a profound change. I am in the process of transitioning to a new account for my brand, and this decision is not one that I have taken lightly.

Firstly, my existing account, [@char32vt](https://twitter.com/char32vt), has reached a point where it is no longer as active and engaging as I would like it to be. It's been a part of my brand's journey, but I believe that change is essential for growth. I cherish the memories and connections I've made on this account, but sometimes, change is necessary to breathe new life into our ambitions.

Secondly, this choice to switch to [@withervt](https://twitter.com/withervt) is deeply personal and significant to me. It represents a new beginning, a fresh canvas on which I can paint the vision and values of my brand. I've spent countless hours reflecting on the path ahead, and I truly believe that this transition is the right choice. It's a step towards aligning my brand's identity with my evolving vision and aspirations.

This decision is not just about changing usernames or profile pictures; it's about evolving, adapting, and staying true to the essence of what my brand stands for. While it is bittersweet to say goodbye to [@char32vt](https://twitter.com/char32vt), I am excited about the possibilities and opportunities that lie ahead with [@withervt](https://twitter.com/withervt).

I am deeply grateful for the support and connections I've made thus far, and I hope that you will join me on this new journey. Your continued support means the world to me as I embark on this exciting chapter for my brand. Thank you for being a part of this transformative moment, and I look forward to sharing new experiences and accomplishments with you on [@withervt](https://twitter.com/withervt).
